### Project Eight - 100DaysofCode
# Number Guessing Game
This is a simple program (game) which takes a guess range from the user from zero to their preferred number, and then take their guesses to find a random number generated by the program.

## Background
This project is part of my #100DaysOfCode learning streak. I intend to write a simple python program each day. Each project would:
* be heavily commented for learning purposes;
* include a README file similar to this one;
* include an algorithm to solve it without code;
* include a summary of what I learnt.

## Algorithm
1. Start.
2. Import the appropriate library.
3. Create a variable to hold the range of the guess from the user. 
4. Evaluate the user input to be sure it's a number and conforms to the library conventions.
5. Generate a random number using the appropriate library method.
6. Create a variable to accept guesses from the user.
7. Create a variable to hold the number of user guesses. 
8. Using while loops, evaluate the user guess to the random number generated.
9. Increase the number of guess by one after each wrong guess.
10. Print the total guesses after the right answer.
11. Stop.

## What I've learnt
Just like project seven:
* I learned to use the while loop to restart a program or run it again from scratch.
* I have gain better understanding to loops and how they can be applied in projects.
* I have learnt the application of the .lower() function in development.

For more understanding, watch the full tutorial **[here](https://youtu.be/DLn3jOsNRVE?t=1505)** from 'Tech With Tim'
